---
description: All available deployment options for ux4iot
---

# Configuration Options

You can generally deploy a ux4iot without specifying any parameters, except for the `iotHubEventHubConnectionString`. This is because we provide default values for all other configuration variables. However we **highly recommend setting a serverVersion. Without it you will deploy the latest code version which is basically a version of a single commit. You will use a development version of ux4iot then.**

The configuration options are somewhat ordered by priority. You will need the last ones the least amount of time. We recommend to deploy a ux4iot service with at least the following configuration variables:

* serverVersion
* iotHubEventHubConnectionString
* iotHubServiceConnectionString
* eventHubConsumerGroup
* sku

<table data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th width="311.5">Bicep / ARM Parameter</th><th width="148">Default Value</th><th width="369">Description</th><th>Allowed Values</th><th>type</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>serverVersion</td><td>latest</td><td>ux4iot docker image version to deploy</td><td></td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>iotHubEventHubConnectionString</td><td></td><td>The connection string of the EventHub that publishes data you want to subscribe to</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>iotHubServiceConnectionString</td><td>""</td><td>The service connection string of the IoTHub you want to access for devices. <strong>You need to pick a connection string that includes the policies "Registry Read" and "Service Connect"</strong></td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>eventHubConsumerGroup</td><td>$Default</td><td>The consumer group of the EventHub that publishes data you want to subscribe to</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>sku</td><td>standard</td><td>The scaling tier of ux4iot. Influences cpu and memory of ux4iot and redis containers within the container app.<br><br>Standard:<br>cpu cores redis: 0.5<br>memory redis: 1Gi<br>cpu cores ux4iot: 1.0<br>memory ux4iot: 2Gi<br><br>Small:<br>cpu cores redis: 0.25<br>memory redis: 0.5Gi<br>cpu cores ux4iot: 0.5<br>memory ux4iot: 1Gi</td><td>standard | small</td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>throttlingInterval</td><td>-1</td><td>Throttle time to delay messages put on the websocket for consumers in milliseconds.</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>connectionStateCacheTTL</td><td>60</td><td>Time how long a connection state update is persisted in the internal ux4iot cache, in seconds. Set to -1 set the lifetime to infinity.</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>customTimestampKey</td><td>_ts</td><td>Custom object key of a message to look for the timestamp</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>customDeviceIdKey</td><td>deviceId</td><td>Custom object key of a message to look for the deviceId</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>customConnectionStateKey</td><td>""</td><td>Custom object key of a message to look for the connectionState.</td><td></td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>connectionStateOnTelemetry</td><td>true</td><td>Flag on whether the connection state of a device should be updated whenever a telemetry message for that device is received.</td><td>true | false</td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>logLevel</td><td>info</td><td>Sets the initial log level of ux4iot</td><td>error | warn | info | verbose | debug</td><td>server</td></tr><tr><td>location</td><td>resourceGroup().location</td><td>The location where all resources of ux4iot should be deployed</td><td></td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>logAnalyticsTracesTableTier</td><td>Analytics</td><td>Tier of the log analytics traces table. <strong>You can only change this value once a week, as dictated by microsoft.</strong><br>Basic Tier will give you less options when querying for logs, but is cheaper. Also the retention time will be set to 7 days instead of 90.</td><td>Basic | Analytics</td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>redisVersion</td><td>1.2.0</td><td>redis docker image version to deploy</td><td></td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>skipCustomResource</td><td>false</td><td>Skips deployment of the internal function app for the custom resource provider</td><td>true | false</td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>skipKeyVaultContents</td><td>false</td><td>Skips deployment of key vault secrets, which leads to the update of the iotHubServiceConnectionStringSecret, iotHubEventHubConnectionStringSecret, storageAccountConnectionStringSecret, backendFuncTriggerUrlSecret</td><td>true | false</td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>primaryAdminSecret</td><td>""</td><td>Primary Shared Access Key of the Ux4iot</td><td></td><td>infra</td></tr><tr><td>secondaryAdminSecret</td><td>""</td><td>Secondary Shared Access Key of the Ux4iot</td><td></td><td>infra</td></tr></tbody></table>

